for Monday's game of this game
we had opportunities because we did not go
forceful
I think that operation was not the
appropriate the changes came in too
very good but good when it is not reflected
what you do on the court on the scoreboard
unfortunately no no no no one can not
qualify it as good
they remain soler df
hello good night I wanted to know how
is Marquez who seemed to be
retired with new physical problems and
if you are concerned about a possible lowering of the
face the next matches given the
experience that has the importance in
the admiral grau because see what
results of the ticket doctor felt
there is a discomfort in the left leg
when he stretched to score a ball and
good did not want to risk more and what
let's go let's wait for the verdict of
author and see if you have to do it
a study to find out how it is
and if we can count on the no javier
Juarez from this
One night is Miguel
it is good or bad the point against
Bolivia that was taken for granted
of course we did not win no
we went to look
after all, bad is not because
sums within the group that you are there
only up chile you still have
have to play against Chile and against
Ecuador are all the rivals that are
on average
we come to look for the result
try that we tried the whole game
no we did not make time we did not let ourselves fall
we did not do the theater we did not throw the
ball over there no no
every time they went to bed so that
came the assistance so that the victory
and caress them here
we do not go out to look for the result
we were forceful we are very
aware of that and that's what we
lack of forcefulness the form of
conclude the moves we could have
there in the arch no raymundo gonzález de
halftime
the expression of beginning in the stern
have reflection at the beginning of the cup
what happened tonight and what should
improve mexico for the rest a lot
reflection roberto acosta de la te
dotcom nights and door rai
Bolivia was waiting for another Bolivian game
or because his anger is with the way
that you come to a tournament that is important
which is that the teams have to leave
to win if you are going to look for a point and
the two teams are left with the times
strong of the other teams especially
the strongest is the local
only in this game are you supposed to
you have to use go find your result
important if this party gets ready
do not lose to do good time I do not know what
it's going to be the rest we try
reiterated we rate our our
today he went through not having the forcefulness
we wanted roberto carrasco from usb
radio
Good evening, nice to say hello
consult you regarding the next
match to the Chilean team that yesterday
won 2 to 0 the opening a result
that complicated the selection enough
of jorge sampaoli as analyst that
next game and this Monday we are going
to first pass them the bitter drink of
today to be unable to get the result
that we came to look for but above all
raise the boy I see it well the
attitude are very good and I reiterate all
they are very committed to taking out is the
commitment that we were looking for is going to
be a difficult match with partners
local a strong team but not
we have another more to keep adding
points
Gonzalo Perez lived
good night teacher that is what
he is more concerned about his team facing
commitment to the Chilean team that in
the lack of goal
the problem in the midfield the injury
Maybe Marquez is not the lack of
forcefulness because he arrived arrived the
front shots were there had
to kick from a distance of
enduring we did not hit the goal there
out there two or three hand balls to
hand that instead of making the conclusion
of the play as it was suddenly seen
we failed to throw it on one side
archer gave is a couple of balls
neither was the figure us sure
that we fail mode the headbutt gets up
just raul and when it seems to be that already bad
for inside the ball goes to one side
to the Núñez de Babel Mexico
Miguel Goodnight during the
yesterday's conference you mentioned that the
midfield was the doubt that most you
I jumped you're from this one you thought
satisfied what I javier when
I left today very good very good boy
I remove balls neighborhood and passed the ball
well did a great job labaque and the
doubt is that both of them had been doing it
pretty good and good at the end we
we decided on javier and I think he did
well that's fine it's a great job in the
recovery of the ball and the truth
that out there did not pass the game went through
reiterated the last the last the last
pass or the last shot to the goal
so he did not jump one last question
gonzález gálvez from adn radio
minutes
this radio adn
Thank you
your press conference
we realize just at the moment in which
something more familiar encounter having
in front of mexico considering since he saw
its directed that day
I think we're going to really work
for how he is playing chile they are
teams have skilled players in
the situation of alexis which is a type
very very unbalancing that I think today
it complicated us a little bit the aerial ball
in him in the divided because bolivia
has very high people thing that out there
Chilean is very similar to us
then we will try to try to
overcome a bit but he reiterated a
very difficult match and we are going to
concentrate very well to take away the
ball the important thing will be able to be
forceful
thanks nights